1) diff between build peraidically and pollscm

when ever the chenges happened in repositary build will trigeered automatically by using cron.

with out changing in repositary build trigger automatically. 

2) diff b/w git and svn
2) diff b/w ant maven
4) diff b/w snapshot and version

-snapshot is a current deployment copy. maven checks during each build for a new snap shot in a 
remote repostary
--version is not update
--maven will download always download secified version
--in case of snapshot "maben will download always lastest vesrion"

5) what is master and slave
--Your main Jenkins server is the Master. The Master’s job is to handle:
          --->Scheduling build jobs.
	  ---->Monitor the slaves
-->A Slave is a Java executable that runs on a remote machine. 
	   ---It hears requests from the Jenkins Master instance.

6) how assign jobs in slaves



7) how to chage home dir in jenkins
8) useges of nodes
9) how to skip the test cases in maven
10)build pipenines in jenkins
11)dependince manage ments in jenkins
12)svn branching staratagies
13)wget, uname,find,du,df,sed,ifconfig, special char
14)in afile 1-100 lines is there iwant skip 12,20,34 peint remaining numbers and print the    these numbers..
15) what is relevent path and absulote path.....
16)svn additing
17) scrum sprint user stories,
18) what type of reports in sonarqube?  jakobo
19) how to generate xml/html reports in sonar
20) What is code smell in sonarqube?
21) email notifications for multiple persions?
22) how meny poms required for ear?
23) class path in ant and what is **/* ?
24) Explain node concept in Jenkins?
25) how to kill java processes id?  ps -ef|grep "java"|awk
26) about sonar Graph?
27) 










svn git ant maven,jenkins interview questions

resume preparation project details

current companey and interviewr comaney details.

address of client locaton and payrole companey location.

tell me about ur self


1) svn properties (version and unversion properties)
2) sonar properties
3) how to instigrate in other sysytems
4) jenkins how clean?
5) how to take 2 days backup in subversion?
6) Distribution management in maven?
7) node and slave concept?
8) how to check the reports in sonarqube?
9) in svn one have branch another user how copy from there or how check?
10) how  to restart the instance.what is instance and what aws
11) how to access other local repo branch?
	svn switch --relocate




